Many of the children there at that time didn't go out at all. They were
never left the
hospital premises
So one of the things she did was to take them to
the swimming pool at Guildford Crescent
And this is gone now. It's a Chinese restaurant or hotel or something now
But she used to take them once a week down to the and that was the first time many of them had ever been out
It was a struggle to do because she used to have to go on the bus with her with the children and I used to go
with her and
used to come back on the bus and
And people in the public were sometimes
quite
Ruled but it was like as if they had never seen they hadn't seen people and
With learning disabilities out in the way that they were out with my mother